thank you very much thank you or
like the simple ones or like the men from
top to bottom
I'm a little stupid to say this at the
beginning of an excerpt because the
truth is I would like to monetize
thank you very much thank you have listened to me
everyone has listened to me
follow him on the lollipop man now
we go for the lollipop of course let's see for
the people who are watching this summarized they are
not getting it turns out that
thanks to my effort making bread it's
worth the hand thank you very much thanks to my
effort doing spam we just
reached 10 thousand followers on the
Facebook page ok
ten thousand followers on the
Facebook page brutal brutal and Ximo okay
brutal and Ximo
well no one told me Ivan that these
were the requirements to be able to monetize
that we had to reach 10,000 but well
equally in your way
although we have already reached 10,000 it does
not mean that you abandon me now
okay follow me if there is someone here who
is watching this video does not follow me on
Facebook follow me on Facebook okay we
also have to grow there  ok
and above all please
every time you see that I upload a video
okay click here to share okay click
here to share and the video flows
like wildfire the wildfire flows the
wildfire doesn't flow the video
hello hello okay the video is shared
very well on facebook okay so you
all click on share because it's
free and it doesn't cost me anything but since
we've already got the facebook thing now
we're going to go for the lollipop or face
thank you very much the lollipop guys there's
a week and a half left until the
end of the island of temptations okay
thank you from me and
Lorena okay for all the support that
this channel has had I didn't expect that
this channel would also go to the truth I
say it or rather I did it more than anything
because we like it not for pleasure more than anything
else but the truth is that it has gone quite quite
quite curious it's
quite curious okay big audience in
Spain big audience in Spain
obviously they are programs from Spain
here the vast majority of viewers are going to
be Spanish okay
but very well very well the truth  that if you
see, pretty good, pretty good, I
can't complain, yes, we would like
before this edition ends for
the channel to have 10,000 followers, it's not like it's
like there's a psychological barrier
that you have when I was starting on
YouTube, not the barrier of 10,000
subscribers, okay, so to all of you who are
sure that there are people here, surely
here in people
who are not subscribed to the lollipop
yet, so here you are, waiting and
running to look for the lollipop and
subscribe, okay, look, they just added 10
subscribers, that's what there was for pizza and
I'm out there who isn't that
subscribed, okay, I have to tell you,
could you make a disk server just
for members, really, it's okay, but let's
make me a member today, I've been following you for a
long time and I could never miss out, I would have to
ask for forgiveness, Julia,
thank you very much, don't worry, see, become
a member when you can, when you can't, it's okay,
okay,
I have set the can price, okay, and
also there is the possibility of there is
the possibility that you put it to that  I
paid with the phone bill
okay then the most comfortable thing for me is
the most comfortable thing when I'm a member of
someone what I have set it like this okay
because because of the phone bill
you're not going to notice if you get an
extra euro or two vouchers towards the cape or look at
you no then everyone who can
is welcome and those who can't don't have
anything to do ok
what I have to tell you you must
tell something very funny very
funny you're going to love it and well
we have a few laughs no and percent of the
discord group is Julia okay in
all the descriptions of
my videos you have the link and it gets you in okay and the
members have a separate room okay there's
also a telegram group also
in Tehran groups but they are for
members starting at five bucks
okay
let's talk a little about how the
situation is in the daily forum okay everyone do you
know that currently the forum
is working at least at the
moment in which I'm recording this
because Felix arrived at the moment and
thank you very much king welcome because
the same thing tomorrow we wake up and  it's
closed that the same now inside media
is not closed
efe like this a 'give and take' not during the whole
time
how the story has gone well the
story turns out that suddenly the forum
to the surprise of some for me nothing
because I already knew that this was going to happen for
a month and a half or more no and
suddenly the forum disappears with an
error screen that says error 521
error 521 means that the server
is not allowing you to browse okay
the server is expelling you for
various reasons it could be an
investigation whatever okay but
the server was not giving you an answer what you
say super gossip well
first of all he said it was maintenance
okay nothing
a maintenance a maintenance okay
before in fact before you guys
had an account okay
things were already happening they were sending him to delete
threads and instead of deleting the threads what they
were doing was putting them in
private okay when it was seen that he had to
delete some threads of influence
putting others in private I don't know what he
started to warn that there was going to be
maintenance
after the maintenance it turns out that it
transformed into a migration okay you are
absolutely involved okay  he was left with
that weird page our webmaster
suggested we change to a peace he's
not telling the truth I know the whole
story what happened what they sent
to webmaster what they talked to the web
I know everything okay and he's not telling the
truth okay he's lying okay first
a maintenance for a maintenance you
don't have to close the page at
most you can close it but you put a
sign up for maintenance you don't get an
error what it means is that the
server is not showing you okay for
a migration not even a migration if I
understand correctly correct me if I'm
wrong it's changing from one server to
another move play is okay there's no
need to close the forum for that okay it's not
necessary we have look at my
kids on some occasions from one
server to another and we haven't closed it have you not
even noticed because because it
continues to work and
the page continues to work on one
server and when it's on the other well it
changed domain and to hell
okay but it's a lie it's
simply a lie okay it was
closed for 45 days okay things are taking too long I
tried to upload them server then on
another now they told me it's on one
of  Russia I don't know if it's true because I
understand that very well, okay, the
forum members, this one in particular, the hall,
Jorge, no, Jorge, what about when we meet?
Jorge Lysander, thank you very much, what are they? He
made up this is a forum member who
made up one occasion when I
ran into him in Triana and I turned my back on him.
Well, those elements are completely different, but
if we meet, we'll stay today, tomorrow, I think
I'll go, Fatherland, don't tell me and we'll see each other
somewhere and let's see if it's true.
Now that he
turned his face on you and we can't talk, not like two gentlemen, but well, he started saying that the company in charge of this was of dubious legality, where he put it, dubious legality of the supposed firm. Okay, when this company, okay, it hasn't gone
anonymously like vice, you guys, not with
lies or anything, okay, at all
times they have said that it was a
company previously, okay, and it's a
team of intellectual property specialists
that include Sol Montaola Abogados,
they are two criminal law firms,
H Moln Criminal Defense and Morales, so
here we are talking about three law firms,
three  law firms that you can
search for on google okay since they are not
acting anonymously no no no no no no
Jorge is already calling three
law firms people of dubious
legality okay to a
private investigation company marco and company and
to a communications agency here you
have it okay here you have the names of
all these people okay relying on the
law using legal technological means
and here these people dare to
say that it is a strange company of dubious
legality okay then look for these four
three or four law firms
look it up to see if it is true that they are of
dubious legality no then the page
after four or five days of being
down went through a process in which it might
connect the same no worth
to all this the fort was saying haha
the forum is here again
2 he is an elephant swinging
on the prayer cloth
as I saw that it did not fall
well for telefe
and
two elephants weeks an elephant in
fixed and half an hour okay the page
fell every moment and such no then the
page came back okay I think it has been a couple
of days
definitely definitely her
online life is worth it but what's happening
like she knows the truth luis abos thank you very
much welcome like they
know the truth okay because to her the
arrival the requirements
she knows the truth okay she says soon
we will have a scheduled maintenance and
the forum will be out of service okay
then I say one thing she asked me if
you have a scheduled maintenance
tell me the date tell me the date of that
scheduled maintenance or is it scheduled
but surprise if it is scheduled you have to
know the sky now don't you hear
guys on Monday the page closes at
such time such time how it is done many
times we ourselves in my guys we have already
done it no but no no
arceo thank you very much a
scheduled maintenance a scheduled maintenance
but we don't know when javi videos of
dallas about the bottle
phoenix / ap okay we will see it now but
true leo no more we will receive
no notifications
go to no notifications
for scheduled maintenance
lol lol the new video dallas
interviewing the brother of the victim
of the bottle lol lol lol halo we see
then suddenly then suddenly
the influencers' threads disappear
thanks to the new affection many
thanks the influencer threads disappear
because the influencer threads disappear
super gossip okay look here is
proof that they were searching for them on google
and when I clicked they were
private okay now I get the
notification
damn how strong now I get the
notification because it is why why did you
put 8 in private and the super gossip
not that everything was in good condition what was
everything fine
if everything is fine because the same
disappears it does not disappear and look at the
liar what the forum says has always
been public you don't even have to be
registered to read it
liar
I lied 2 what a liar if we
know very well here and we have all seen it
here and the forum members themselves know
that they are selling they know that the threads have been
put private many times and you
know that they have threads in private like
mine
okay
in fact it is one of the rules of the forum and we
always delete even if we look for
problems with the same cousins this is a
lie and it is more
in fact in fact in
fact there is a person there is
a person not only one person
I myself have dozens of
super Cuban publications and it is worth dozens of
super Cuban publications  I
'm laughing writing the chat, I
mean there's a hater who says up to 10
euros to insult me but why didn't I
leave a message that's funny to me I
mean 10 euros parents and he put my
pet of giving the suck support and I don't know
what oh
well
and he paid me ten euros 10 turkey to
invite me back there it didn't come out in my text
but here I hit you in the face I
hope your reaction to the video of giving something
leave me I see it red heart see you
handsome now I'm coming thank you very much
light
anyway I have dozens of
certified super
cuban publications and already inciting the forum members to
continue reporting me and insulting me and a
million things that you have seen on this
channel and on the main channel a lot
of times that's it so I don't
need to try it anymore if all
my videos are there yes everything is in my
videos and this has already been the crme de la
crme okay this has already been the crme of
the crme for whoever says for whoever has
the balls to say that nothing has happened to the forum
aps welcome this already in  the [ __ ] with
onion is worth it for whoever says that
nothing has happened to the forum cousins
remember that for the forum to function properly
your help is
essential please report
abusive offensive messages that
contain private data slander
nudity or that in short you believe
should not be on our page
let's help each other make this
a better place thanks
because this is now super gossip with the
but why do you have to put this
super daily if in theory it was already done was
n't everything okay
what happened to you super daily they have also
sent requests no well you
say it was just maintenance that
everything was fine no no
everything was not fine super gossip what's this
coming to a few during the day the
influence section in private that I would
be reviewing surely deleting messages
and now it says this well you're going to have to
delete it all
then and the thimble yesterday from the IRS and
also but this which is super continuous
what a coincidence no that after
maintenance
now you come with this there is no need to give
many thanks what things not very
funny very funny superco day